Add initial docs for Portals for Capacitor (#175)
ionic-team/ionic-portals: website/docs/for-capacitor/example.md

---
title: E-commerce Example App
sidebar_label: E-commerce Example App
---

## Overview​

> The Ionic Team has put together an E-commerce demo application for Capacitor that uses multiple web-based Portals. This is meant to help gain an understanding of how Portals for Capacitor can be used in conjunction with Module Federation. The example is built in React. Although this example is a mono-repo it is not a requirement on Portals for Capacitor applications.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Ionic Team has put together an E-commerce demo application for Capacitor that uses multiple web-based Portals. This is meant to help gain an understanding of how Portals for Capacitor can be used in conjunction with Module Federation. The example is built in React. Although this example is a monorepo it is not a requirement on Portals for Capacitor applications.
```
